# cse210-tc03

Mike Downs Bio:
My name is Michael Downs.  I have been born and raised in Rexburg Idaho.  I really enjoyed growing up in this small town.  If any of you are familiar with Rexburg, then you might realize that sometimes you have to get creative with some of the things you do around here.   Fortunately, the local school here was large enough to have a lot of great programs.  The main one I participated in was band.  It was one of the things I enjoyed doing a lot of growing up.  I played the French Horn from 5th grade until I graduated high school.   I do not play it anymore, but I keep up my music skills by playing the piano when I get a chance.  Some of the other things I like doing is reading and watching TV shows.  I enjoy various kinds of books.  Some of my most favorite books I read was a Star Wars trilogy written by Timothy Zhan.   Some of the tv shows I really enjoy are Hawaii 5-O (2010) and Magnum PI (2018).    For the most part, I am an easy-going guy when it comes to food.  I do have to say I might hesitate on eating raw fish though.  Recently I just returned from serving in the Washington Tacoma Mission.  I loved serving the Lord for two years and being blessed with the chance to meet all sorts of new people.  While on my mission I decided to attend BYU-Idaho and go into Electrical Engineering.   The reason why I chose BYU-I  was that I felt it was a place where I could find an environment of people that had gospel standards.  It was also a place were religion and secular education combine to form something that can be life-changing.    That is me wrapped up in a nutshell!